(DOCSP-6610): Adding Markup Guide to Style Guide. (#21)
mongodb/docs-meta: source/style-guide/markup/format/headings.txt

=====================
Headings and Sections
=====================

.. default-domain:: mongodb

.. include:: /includes/styles/corrections.rst

> |rst| uses repeating characters beneath the heading text to set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{+rst+} uses repeating characters beneath the heading text to set
```

headings.

> Heading Level Markup

Reviewer 2: I think the page could present information more clearly just by showing an example of the recommended way and noting that it still renders correctly under the mentioned circumstance.

--------------------

For, the under- and overlines for each Heading Level, use:

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 10 10 10 60 10

   * - Heading Level
     - Character
     - Under or Overline
     - Common Usage
     - Render in HTML as

   * - 1
     - ``=`` (Equals sign)
     - Both
     - Page Titles Only
     - ``<h1>``

   * - 2
     - ``-`` (Hyphen)
     - Under
     - Main Headings
     - ``<h1>``

   * - 3
     - ``~`` (Tilde)
     - Under
     - Subheadings
     - ``<h3>``

   * - 4
     - `` ` `` (Backtick)
     - Under
     - 2nd Level Subheadings
     - ``<h4>``

   * - 5
     - ``+`` (Plus sign)
     - Under
     - 3rd Level Subheadings
     - ``<h5>``

> Tools don't return build errors if you use a different underline order
> as long as it's done consistently. That said, don't use different
> underline orders. It will confuse other writers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tools don't return build errors if you use a different underline order
as long as it's done consistently. However, to avoid confusing other
writers, don't use different underline orders.
```

Heading Markup Rules
--------------------

Headings must follow these rules to prevent build errors:

> - Don't skip Heading Levels. Heading Level 3 cannot come after

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Don't skip Heading Levels. Heading Level 3 can't come after
```

  Heading Level 1.

> 

Reviewer 2: Should define "Heading Level" as a term if used as a proper noun.

  .. list-table::
     :header-rows: 1
     :widths: 50 50

     * - Use
       - Avoid

     * -

         .. code-block:: rst

            ============
            Manage Users
            ============

            Create One New User
            -------------------

       -

         .. code-block:: rst
            :copyable: false

            ============
            Manage Users
            ============

            Create One New User

>             ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer 2: Technically, this isn't an example of skipping header levels as long as the same character is used consistently as stated earlier. Could update this example to make it more clear.

> - Make the underline at least as long as the text above it.

Reviewer: We should add a note about source constants and that you need to extend the line to meet the length of the resolved text.

  .. list-table::
     :header-rows: 1
     :widths: 50 50

     * - Use
       - Avoid

     * -

         .. code-block:: rst

            Create One New User
            -------------------

       -

         .. code-block:: rst
            :copyable: false

            Create One New User
            ----------------

> - Avoid |rst| replacements in heading text.

Reviewer: Ah, here it is, but I don't agree that we should avoid them. Just account for them.
```suggestion
- Avoid {+rst+} replacements in heading text.
```

  If the replacement text makes the heading text longer than the
  underline length, your build generates an error.

- Avoid headings within tabbed content directives, even those from

>   included files. If you need headings for your tabbed content,

Reviewer: Missing info?
